motorcycle fans of all
coats from now you are warned
that a star was born in the
firmament biker a nice motorbike
modern logic and polyvalent and if you
you are asking if it is
damn funny you look at her like
half is the gmt 07 flame that has
loaned lounge is not a two-cylinder
use of the cross plane engine of this
Small big bike makes it different
has even lower than expected
but that engine configuration
allows a power curve always
full yes it seems electric by city it
shows spectacularly manageable already
it's not a street fighter of airs
urban although that does have a handlebar
a little narrow
yes
touch dimensions the reduced
weight and general maneuverability make
make it fun to wear in any
circumstance is very comfortable even for
buy the participation
but of course our tramontana always
Irresistible calls us to taste the in
a more ideal environment the curves are
one of its natural lands does not
it also needs to run a lot to
have fun and for benefits we believe
that has a fluid and without driving
brusqueness thus carried though not the
we force a lot can go pretty
pretty fast you tell me you need to
more arguments then look at the test with
and without limitation and it is the model that
less suffers in the character to be limited
that we have tried and long
and more advantages declared a consumption of 4
liters to have them to us
came out 5,6 you have to recognize that so
we gave him a little salt
and the overall behavior of the finishes
they are enough for 90% of us
90% of the time
so much in fact that it outraged
think that Yamaha is betting strongly on the
small mt 07 like some best-selling ones like that
You already know how to see her on a motorcycle
Sado hi colleagues asks for a test that you
will like
ah